update_readme_release3.0 (#368)
Avaiga/taipy: README.md

<br>

> ###  <div align="left">Pure Python & Open-Source. <div align="left"> How? Taipy covers front-end, back-end, and deployment to build production-ready web applications."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###  <div align="left">Pure Python & Open-Source. <div align="left"> How? Taipy covers front-end, back-end, and deployment to build production-ready web applications.
```

> ###  <div align="left">Pure Python & Open-Source. <div align="left"> How? Taipy pops out as a 360° platform to build production-ready web applications.

Reviewer: I don't like the term platform. It can be misleading, and actually does not bring much information.

What about:
"How? Taipy covers front-end, back-end, and deployment to build production-ready web applications."?

<br>

> ### <div align="left"> Taipy is an open-source Python library for building your web application front-end & back-end. <div align="left"> No knowledge of web development is required!

Reviewer 2: I... guess there's a `</div>` missing somewhere...

Author: Added

> ###  <div align="left">Turns Data and AI algorithms into full web applications in no time.

Reviewer 3: Do we keep this one or the title+the text that was added is sufficient?

> ###  How? Taipy GUI with Taipy Core pops out as a 360° platform to build production-ready web applications</div>

Reviewer 3: This text is also present below. Delete this one?

Author: updated!

<br>

###  <div align="left">Pure Python & Open-Source. <div align="left"> How? Taipy pops out as a 360° platform to build production-ready web applications.

<br>

#  <div align="center"> 📊 We make both ends meet ⚙️ </div>
<br>
 <div align="center">

| TAIPY - the frond-end  | TAIPY - the back-end |
| --------  | -------- |

> |<img src="readme_img/readme_gui_intro.gif" alt="Taipy FE Animation"  width="100%"/> | <img src="readme_img/readme_be_intro.gif" alt="Taipy BE Animation"  width="100%"/>

Reviewer 3: What about having the same illustration as the doc https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/?

Author: to change both the GUI and B-E one? Why not

Reviewer: I agree. Something like this: 
![image](https://github.com/Avaiga/taipy/assets/88036007/77df528c-842c-4a41-8839-42abf2218bf9)
And I believe the titles are better as well. 
- User interface creation 
- Scenario and Data management

Reviewer 2: - I agree for the images (actually I would try to make them as readable as possible, wasting as little space I can).
- The 'alt' text should not use abbreviations: BE/FE -> back-end/front-end
- User interface creation -> User Interface generation

## Ready, Set, GUI

> ### Tiny Taipy Front-End Demo

Reviewer: What about "Tiny Interface Creation Demo"? 
The term Gui above has been used before, so by replacing "Front-end" by "Interface Creation" here, makes it clear what covers the Gui term. It's about creating a user interface.

Reviewer 2: .. and we don't need I think to repeat "Taipy" everywhere.

"### Tiny User Interface demo" would work

```python
from taipy import Gui

excitement_page = """
# Welcome to Taipy

> ## Getting started with Taipy

Reviewer 2: Why these three title levels? Two would be enough.
I would remove the '##' one (Getting started).

Author: If I remove that I have to redo the gif, is it how you would prefer it?

*RUN*🏃🏽‍♀️
<div align="center">🎊 TA-DA! 🎊</div>
<br>

> <div align="center"><img src="readme_img/readme_fe_app.gif" width="50%" alt="FE demo"></img></div>

Reviewer 2: - In the code above: remove the useless `|text|` fragment.
- Not abbreviations in `alt` attributes: FE -> front-end (I think "User Interface" would be better here)

<br>

***<div align="center">Check out our [Getting Started](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/getting_started/) and [Documentation](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/)</div>***

<br>
<br>

> ## Taipy Back-End ⚙️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scenario and Data Management ⚙️
```

> **<div align="left">Let's create a back-end execution, also called *scenario* in Taipy. Our scenario will filter movie data based on the genre you choose. This scenario will be submitted (i.e., executed) each time the genre selection changes and output the seven most popular movies of that genre. </div>**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**<div align="left">
Let's create a *Scenario* in Taipy to filter movie data based on the genre you choose. This scenario models a simple pipeline. It is submitted (for execution) each time the genre selection changes and outputs the seven most popular movies of that genre.
</div>**
```

<br>

> <div align="center"> ⚠️ Here, the backend involves the execution of a very simple pipeline (made of a single task). Note that Taipy is designed to build much more complex pipelines 🚀 (with many tasks!) </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div align="center">
⚠️ Here, the scenario involves the execution of a very simple
pipeline (made of a single task). Note that Taipy is designed to build much more complex
pipelines 🚀 (with many tasks!)
</div>
```

Reviewer 2: No matter what is picked at the end of the day, make sure 'backend' is spelled 'back-end', with an hyphen

> <br>

Reviewer 2: I see two consecutive 'br' tags. What's the purpose?
And I would love to see them being expressed as XHTML (`<br/>`) so we can parse our HTML easily.

Author: Do you want me to change all the (`<br>`)to (`<br/>`) in the readme?

*This is the execution graph of the scenario we are implementing*

> <div align="center"><img src="readme_img/readme_exec_graph.png" alt="Taipy BE Graph"  width="80%"/></div>

Reviewer: In the screen shot, I would remove the "scenario" box that is unnecessary and confusing to me.

Reviewer 2: Not abbreviations in `alt` attributes: BE -> back-end

### Taipy Studio - The easy peasy way

> *You can use the Taipy Studio extension in VSCode to configure your sequence with no code*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*You can use the Taipy Studio extension in VSCode to configure your scenarios with no code*
```

> *You can use the Taipy Studio extension in VSCode to configure your sequence with no code*

Reviewer 2: VSCode -> Visual Studio Code

> <div align="center"><img src="readme_img/readme_demo_studio.gif" width="80%" alt="demo BE"></img></div>

Reviewer 2: Not abbreviations in alt attributes: BE -> back-end

*Your configuration is automatically saved as a TOML file*

<br>

***<div align="center">Check out our [Documentation](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/studio/) </div>***

<br>
<br>

> ### Taipy Back-End - a walk on the code side

Reviewer: Please replace Back-end by Scenario and data Management.

<div align="left">For more advanced use cases or if you prefer coding your configurations instead of using Taipy Studio, Taipy has your back! </div>

*<div align="left">Check out the movie genre demo scenario creation with this [Demo](https://www.taipy.io/project/movie-genre-selector/) </div>*

<br>

***<div align="center">Check out our [Getting Started](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/getting_started/) and [Documentation](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/core/) </div>***

<br>
<br>

> ## Front-end ➕ Back-end

Reviewer: We try to change "Front-end" by "User interface creation" and "Back-end" by "Scenario and Data management". This title does not match then.
```suggestion
## User interface creation ➕ Scenario and Data management
```

*This is the execution graph of the scenario we are implementing*

<div align="center"><img src="readme_img/readme_exec_graph.png" alt="Taipy BE Graph"  width="40%"/></div>

### Taipy Studio - The easy peasy way

> *You can use the Taipy Studio extension in VSCode to configure your sequence with no code*

Reviewer 3: Maybe, we could put the link here to Taipy Studio. What do you think?

Author: I put it below after the gif on taipy studio

<div align="center"><img src="readme_img/readme_demo_studio.gif" width="60%" alt="demo BE"></img></div>

*Your configuration is automatically saved as a TOML file*

<br>
<br>

### <div align="center">*Find out more*</div>

> *<div align="center">Check out our [Documentation](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/studio/) </div>*

Reviewer 3: We could maybe put the link on the documentation above and not have this wide space for a single link.

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

### Taipy Back-End - a walk on the code side
<div align="left">For more advanced use cases or if you prefer coding your configurations instead of using Taipy Studio, Taipy has your back! </div>

> *<div align="left">Check out the movie genre demo scenario creation with this [Demo](https://www.taipy.io/project/movie-genre-selector/) </div>*

Reviewer 3: Put the docs.taipy.io link and not the link of the website https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/knowledge_base/demos/movie_genre_selector/

import pandas as pd
from taipy import Config, Scope, Gui

> # TAIPY Back-end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Taipy Scenario and Data management
```

scenario = tp.create_scenario(scenario_cfg)

> # TAIPY Front-end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Taipy User Interface
```

> # TAIPY Front-end

Reviewer 2: Certainly not all capitalized -> Taipy

> # Let's add fa GUI to our back-end for a full application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Let's add a GUI to our Scenario Management for a full application
```

# Initialization of variables
df = pd.DataFrame(columns=['Title', 'Popularity %'])

> selected_genre = 'Action'

Reviewer 2: Use double-quotes everywhere possible. In the entire code.
'Action' -> "Action"
(same thing twice in the line before)

<div align="center">🎊TA-DA!🎊</div>
<br>

> <div align="center"><img src="readme_img/readme_app.gif" width="80%" alt="Demo app"></img></div>

Reviewer 2: No abbreviation in alt.
-> "Image of a Taipy demonstration application"

<br>

<br>

## ☁️Taipy Cloud☁️

> With Taipy Cloud, you can deploy your Taipy application in a *few clicks* and *for free*!

Reviewer 2: application -> applications

> <div align="center"><img src="readme_img/readme_cloud_demo.gif" alt="cloud demo" width="60%" ></img></div>

Reviewer 2: "cloud demo" -> "Demonstration of Taipy Cloud"
